=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

App::Git::Spark - Plot your git commit history on the command line with sparklines

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    ⚡ git spark --days 14 --scale 23 Stegosaurus
    Commits by Stegosaurus over the last 14 days
    total: 95   avg: 7   max: 23
    10 15 6 23 5 0 0 1 15 0 17 3 0 0
    ▄▅▂█▂▁▁▁▅▁▆▁▁▁

    ⚡ git spark --days 14 --scale 23 Triceratops
    Commits by Triceratops over the last 14 days
    total: 90   avg: 7   max: 22
    1 12 3 11 3 0 0 6 16 3 13 22 0 0
    ▁▄▁▄▁▁▁▂▅▁▄▇▁▁

    ⚡ git spark -h
    usage: git spark [-dhmoswy] [long options...] [AUTHOR]
            -o --hours      Commits from the last x hours
            -d --days       Commits from the last x days
            -w --weeks      Commits from the last x weeks
            -m --months     Commits from the last x months
            -y --years      Commits from the last x years
            -s --scale      Set the max value of the graph. Use this option to
                            compare this graph with other graphs.
            -h --help       Show this message

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Plot your git commit history on the commandline with sparklines.  This is a
mashup of git, L<spark|https://github.com/holman/spark>, and Perl.

=head1 COMPARING GRAPHS

Unfortunately you often cannot compare `spark` output because the scaling is
relative.  For example these two data series produce identical graphs
despite have very different data.

    ⚡ spark 1 2 3 4 5
    ▁▂▄▆█
    ⚡ spark 10 20 30 40 50
    ▁▂▄▆█

To solve this, you must put a max and a min in front of the data to get
consistent scaling.  For example:

    ⚡ spark 50 1 1 2 3 4 5
    █▁▁▁▁▁▁
    ⚡ spark 50 1 10 20 30 40 50
    █▁▂▃▅▆█

git-spark assumes the min is zero and users can pass in the max using
the --scale option.  (Note that git-spark chops off the max/min characters from
the output so this is all hidden behind the scenes.)

=head1 INSTALLATION

First, download spark and put it somewhere in your $PATH. 

    curl https://raw.github.com/holman/spark/master/spark > spark

Next, install git-spark with cpanm.
L<cpanm|https://metacpan.org/module/App::cpanminus> is the standard tool the
Perl community uses to download and install Perl libraries from the
L<CPAN|https://metacpan.org/>.  The following should get you up and running
quickly:

    curl -L http://cpanmin.us | perl - --sudo App::cpanminus
    cpanm App::Git::Spark

=head1 AUTHOR

Eric Johnson <cpan at iijo dot nospamthanks dot org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Eric Johnson.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

